I decided to get my pilot's license just
because it's something I've always been
interested in probably since ten years
old always been interested in planes
flying over my head and how they work
and what it must be like to go through
the air like that so the next logical
step was to do it for real and get that
experience of what it's really like
what I love about flying I guess is that
just the freedom and the adventure of it
it's an escape from reality my target
for in flight is to just spread aviation
to the masses you never see anything
about how simple it actually is to get a
viable sentence of use it to your
advantage the goal is to spread the word
so that people are aware that hey this
is available anybody can do this within
flight it's the combination of all of
these things coming together to create a
better experience and the experience is
what drives people to succeed how I
enjoy will teach in aviation is just
sharing that passion with others not
only that but you get to build a
relationship with your student when we
train somebody train them to their
specific learning sellers not a one-way
method of learning how to fly
is tailored on how they're learning and
the best way that they can learn that's
what's different about us is we don't
have to have a systematic approach to
getting this training done I think
there's a nice mix of instructors of
different age groups I have flown with
quite a few of them and have had very
good experiences across the board
they're very knowledgeable most
importantly they're very patient May
it's been a fantastic experience working
with them you can really tell that
there's good people behind it what makes
in flight unique is that culture that
feel to where it's somewhere where it's
a hobby it's where you want to be
spending your time on it somewhere where
you're welcome to hang out and interact
with the instructors or other pilots or
a constantly updating our equipment for
you making it really easy cuz it's for
you at the sched
hasil and showing up for your lesson you
can schedule dispatch yourself
it's just laid-back feel go out why come
back we'll go the extra mile and always
stay ahead of the game to make sure that
our customers taking care of me that
forward-thinking is what propels us
ahead of our competition I'd say every
day was a perfect day for flying